Getting started
===============

Installing HBase
----------------

We found the cloudera distribution to be the easiest way to get started. If you run Ubuntu, Debian or RedHat, the package are integrated with apt-get and yum. However, desptite respecting the Unix conventions, we found the installation quite inconvient, having constantly to search for config, bin, data files all dispatched over the filesystem. For this reason, we usually download the packages from `http://archive.cloudera.com/cdh/3/` and install each of them manually.

Starting HBase
--------------

It seems like Stargate took the place of the old REST namespace. However, i need confirmation on this one. So if i'm right, assuming `${HBASE_HOME}/bin` is in your classpath, starting Hbase with REST connector is as follow:

	start-hbase.sh
	hbase-daemon.sh start rest

And stoping:

	hbase-daemon.sh stop rest
	stop-hbase.sh
Or
	ps ax | grep hbase | awk '{print $1}' | xargs kill -9

Requiring Pop HBase
-------------------

The source code organisation comply with [PEAR naming conventions][pear] and the [PHP Framework Interop Group PSR-0][psr] for autoloader interoperability.

If you do not use a autoloader, simply download and unpack the source code and finally require `pop_hbase.inc.php` present in the `src` folder. The script will require the classes for you.

	require(dirname(__FILE__).'/pop_hbase/src/pop_hbase.inc.php');

Creating a connection
---------------------

See the documentation relative to the connection for more details.

	$hbase = new PopHbase(array(
		"host" => "127.0.0.1",
		"port" => "8080",
	));


[pear]: http://pear.php.net/ "PEAR projects"
[psr]: http://groups.google.com/group/php-standards/web/psr-0-final-proposal "PHP Framework Interop Group"